---
layout: post
title: "in pain"
date: 2025-06-05
---

so who can i ask? the fucking internet. the internet is the worst place to go when something unexpected is happening in your body, but there i was about to start my shift when my head startrd spinning from pain, i felt like i needed to cof and my bones started to ache. not to mention i started going to the gym again for like the 20th time and my muscles just hurted in ~~sybiyotic~~ union with my body. maybe i had an infection, but there are other sighns i belived. maybe i have the flu, but these arent flu symptoms.

i did minor work and went home(im kinda my own boss). do i have covid? i tried going to a doctor but over here in mexico they were closed! this is fucked up. side note:in mexico the farmacies have doctors, so when you go to one of these doctores they will give you a prescription that you will use next door at the farmacy. no insurance needed and all for the cost of like 5$ dollars, but usually theyre full to the brim so you have to wait sitted down with a bunch of people coffing and kids screaming. i went to 3 of them and it is not uncommon for them to be closed but all fucking 3!?
i gave up, came home, my wife made some food, i fell asleep at 11 and woke to write this thing at 5pm. 

i think im just going to ride it out and see what happens.

how do you spell symbiyotic?

ah symbiotic. and the place i put it doenst really make sense.

ok so last thing, im doing these blogs on my phone using termux to push them to my gihub pages. editing these in nvim using jekyll

lets see what happens
